hey everybody welcome back to nor the
line please inviting advise gathereth
Plus don't make me do it I don't wanna
do a lit lit thread
we've been knocking out these mega satan
runs like it it's nobody's beeswax so we
got mega satan Delirium oh this is
prayer I know we just did a Maggie run
but hush no way we don't need mega satan
Aarti
we don't need delirium either disregard
disregard disregard meg is Satan nothing
but greedier mega satan delirium mega
satan delirium just greedier mega satan
delirium greedier
Azazel has to do like the whole negative
path did I not do am I out of my mind no
because we did the hush and delirium
last time I understand so you got hush
and negative path and then you're
actually done I'm gonna give Lazar try
so we want to finish the negative path
and do hush it's a it's a tall order but
let's see if we can get the job done
here these six abs one a nine and if I
mess up the to-do list I apologize it's
a lot easier to look like you know what
you're doing when the to-do list is long
it's when it gets highly specific that
uh you know you can start the flounder a
little bit like the main characters best
friends in the Little Mermaid that's
ignorant her best friend was you know
Sebastian the crab I mean that dude
ain't no lobster let's be on he's a crab
he's probably a crab I don't know Disney
movies have permanently like warped what
animals look like in my brain they're
just reasonable for similes is this uh
it's not an excel floor dude we've been
getting long floors look at this there
should be something in the Geneva
Convention it's like if a floor is caves
are sorry depths or sorry basement one
or cellar one or burning basement one
you can't have more than two rooms that
are larger than the normal like you know
one by one size we got a two by two
we got a 3/4 2x2 we might even have more
than that you never know I knew that's
going like completely fine to start with
here
you know the Lazarus gameplan I prefer
to get the whole resurrection business
out of the way as soon as is conceivably
possible respawn with predominantly I'm
looking for that damage multiplier keep
in mind I'm trying to like keep a good
pace here as well we want the zero luck
as well as opposed to the negative one
luck obviously we need to find a item
room first there's a chest hidden behind
oh it's a stone chest hidden behind some
stones of its own there we're not gonna
get any bombs unless we get some right
here the Hale
don't take it yet I almost took it that
would have been very silly
so here's oh let me get some bombs as
well here's what I'm thinking we
probably want to get the golden chest
because I don't think a single bomb will
do this I've been loving these self
sacrum lately let's come in give them a
little love why not we feel blessed stat
bonus tears upgrade all of a sudden not
so silly anymore is it look at that the
halo not a tears upgrade but our speed
is at least out of control here I think
I'm feeling better about our pace
I am hoping by the way to get to enough
money to get an arcade on the next floor
but kind of skeptical about our chances
here and he used my bomb open this bad
boy decidedly unworthy it's not like the
key is a problem I really would like
this to be worth some more kind of want
to play the self-sacrifice room one last
time but like do we need we've already
done mega Satan yeah we don't need key
pieces it wouldn't be the worst thing in
the world but we don't necessarily need
them we could also just get a bunch of
spirit arts from it it's it's too risky
I shouldn't do it will I do it normally
I'd say yes because it would be a good
subversion of expectations but instead
just gonna say no cuz I don't think I
don't think the economics make sense
right now right now are the economics if
you will because I mean look who's
talking instead we'll just play it a
little close to our chest we already got
lucky but the way that the gamble worked
and it only worked out as well as it did
because of the fact that we actually got
the halo you know it's a great enabler
for us to get the the Lazarus respawn
working as soon as possible we're also
getting a surprising degree of value out
of the permanent anemia permanent as I
always call it's also my favorite tool
album and now you've been making a lot
of tool references lately yeah that's
cuz I'm ignorant I don't really know
anything about tool I missed that when I
was you know growing my musical interest
back in that would a pretentious way to
put it by the way but when I was growing
my musical interest you know back in my
teenage and young adult years I went off
in the you know the John Bryan's sort of
school of you know lost campesino is how
twee can you go instead of the tool side
but you had the tool faction if you will
but I actually caught a tool song on the
radio
it's got a cool radio station called sea
Fox here that plays a little bit of that
you know like slightly more alternative
stuff at all is like obviously a huge
band but you know you're not gonna hear
tool on you know virgin what a four
point one where you just hear he's
Selena Gomez and Bruno Mars over and
over and I don't say that to insult
either of them but that Bruno Mars he's
got some hooks please save me alright
we're doing very well here not taking
damage that I can't what we haven't
taken any damage I think actually not
since we got to our respawn llamar is
bad it just does not fit into our into
my like Platonic ideal for what a good
spacebar item is but there is the odd
chance that we can make this work for
ourselves if we get super lucky find
like a bunch of temperance cards or
something like that all of a sudden yum
hard we you know we can start to do
business but for the time being not very
strong we do find our secret room
I mean we did find our secret room I'll
use a key instead of a bomb to access
our shop you get dull razor now
immediately is less useful but cut and
of course we get the temperance card
right off the bat but I'm immediately
less useful I think you got to look at
this and say the dull razor is much more
interesting for us I think I'll even try
this there's a 1 cent gamble did it work
now but I'm not too upset in fact you
know we're we know we definitely want to
like go to the hush fight cuz that's
it's just hush negative yeah so we
definitely want to go to the hush fight
but I think we should take our time on
this floor you know what's the
expression an ounce of prevention is
worth a pound of cure
if we put in our legwork here and get a
little stronger it's only gonna make
things easier for us and probably faster
as well in the future
let's go probably shouldn't have taken
that yet because our deal with the devil
might sort of undermine it but so we're
looking for actually something like a
Fame would be pretty quality here
obviously there's items that are better
but a theme would fit well with dull
razor you can make it works in foils
lovely damage is getting out of control
you know what let's go for an angel run
not because HP is scarce that's a normal
reason and not because we need anything
to unlock you know it's the other reason
but just because book of Belial is not
that good and it adds a little bit of
entertainment value here I think to go
with this I think this is the right
course of action here but it's speaking
of an ounce of prevention being worth a
pound of cure aka of course what I'm
about to refer to is the metric system
you know I I was not aware until
literally like two days ago that there
are people in the world who don't know
that a cup is a measurement of something
and I don't even mean that I mean that's
really good but dull razors more fun it
has the potential to be more fun at
least I don't mean that to be needlessly
dismissive you know it's it's kind of a
stupid measurement I'll admit but I
actually thought a cup now that I think
about it what I'm about to say is
idiotic but just give me a free pass for
this one please cuz I'm admitted
to it thus Grammy clemency I thought a
cup was a metric measurement cuz it's
and the reason I thought it was a metric
measurement even though obviously you
know it sounds stupid
it's because I've always thought of a
compass ten mill or 250 milliliters
which it is so I was like it's in
milliliters it has to be a metric
measurement it's a strange way to think
about it but you know I think my you can
understand why my reasoning albeit bad
existed that's true you like when when a
recipe if you don't know this side
because I know Austin also like didn't
know that what a tablespoon was you just
thought it was like a spoon you just put
a spoonful of this in in some situations
that might you know work out but always
the kind of thing it's probably worth
measuring you're down there in the
teaspoon or the tablespoon range
obviously teaspoons much smaller but you
know you should you should break out the
measuring spoons that's what they exist
for similarly if a recipe calls for a
cup of something it's the first time
you're making it don't eyeball it get
the cup out you forget that's why they
called measuring cups get the measuring
cup out is 250 milliliters no just pour
like a tall glass of the pint is 500
milliliters you can accidentally end up
you know adding twice as much anyway
this is a weird thing to get on a high
horse about I'm just I'm actually just
trying to like be educational
edutainment 'el to a certain degree a
cup is not just a measurement that's
like you know eyeball it it's got an
actual number value attached to it
what on earth now if you want to get
angry at measurements and recipes a
pinch is stupid if you ever use
teaspoons at any point in your recipe
and then later you say a pinch of
something what are you doing a teaspoon
is already a pinch just give me like the
teaspoon value I want to be scientific
about this when I cook on my own if I'm
working off like a mental recipe oh
that's so good from working off like a
mental recipe a pinch of this pinch of
this you know I've made chili so many
times part of the artistry of it is just
you know adding the spice is kind of by
feel
until you know that it tastes just right
you know there's a certain you shouldn't
say qualms about it but the first time
you're doing a recipe of pinches come on
now it's just insulting all right it
looks like I might have given myself an
angel slash devil chance despite the
fact that we look like it was fairly
likely we take damage and we got a
genuine test here but we do have a great
rate of fire great speed which is
extremely relevant for a little Gertie
fight and good damage to begin with now
if we get super close to taking damage
we could actually pop dull razor and
maybe get ourselves out but nothing to
worry about
get a second syringe which is good for
you know max speed and high damage but
unfortunately not exactly what I'm
looking for but I'm not gonna complain
just continue to save cash room continue
to save our money you know what maximize
your chances in the future I'm gonna
keep this yera rune we've been doing so
many negative runs the air arun has lost
a little bit of its luster not a lot
just a little bit of its luster because
it's not as good on the negative floor
you know the dark room as it is on the
the chest it's not the dark room it's
dark room like in life is strange you're
looking happily derange now I should
have saved the bomb but we didn't really
have a chance there did we all angel
statues I believe now give a key piece I
said that earlier what I meant was that
both Angel statues statues in an angel
room will give it I don't know if it's
actually true if all angel statues
throughout the game will give it but I
hope that that's the case
okay good work
easy money we're actually on pace and we
need to be on pace because we want to do
the hush fight we can do a hush negative
and then we'll actually have everything
done is Lazarus and you know those of
you who know me know I think I actually
prefer Lazarus as a character I let me
put it this way I rape Lazarus higher as
a character than most people out there
in the Isaac community a lot of people
seem to think Lazarus is unremarkable I
can understand it but I kind of
appreciate the the fact that Lazarus has
like a built-in early game puzzle that
was so dumb of like you know when should
you use the the resurrection mechanic
because it is an extremely non
negligible part of the Lazarus game I
mean you could probably negligee it it's
not really I think what non-negligible
means but now you couldn't dig a tit you
could decide just to ignore it even but
it's at your own peril because it is a
strong way to improve the run I should
not have stood there this is what
happens you know you get a little bit of
Isaac affluenza get some spirit hearts
under our belts here it's gonna say
under our belly which is weird you know
if something's under your belt I suppose
it would be under your belly as well I'm
going to I was thinking I don't want to
blow these guys up even though the money
might be worth it so I want to say bombs
I want to see this guy drops bombs first
just HP I mean we're gonna get a bomb by
using Euro regardless so I'm gonna try
this put this it down got an extra
nickel yarra so we're gonna get for luck
upgrades a bomb
a lot more money I don't care about the
coupon in this situation although we can
use it to get quite a lot of free stuff
because of the battery charges but it's
only we give us 15 cents worth of free
stuff so I don't think it's necessarily
worth it what all that buy that it could
be worse could be worse
what's the pill vert because another
tiers upgrade
so we'll then buy verb which will give
us another tiers upgrade that's very
good
this is a smart run like we're playing
intelligently have we been bullied by a
little bit of you know fortuitous drops
yeah do we got you know the best two
thirds of syringe you could ever ask for
within reason we've been able to play
blood banks and get some good stuff out
of a phd's lovely perks is now really
that relevant but yeah we've had luck on
our side to some extent at least we've
also made some plays that I would
consider you know independently sort of
creative and fun oh dude please we do
want to like get a move on no question
here's the dream plate we got five luck
oh my god you give me HP that I can use
to play the blood bank and get more HP I
wasn't talking about that I was talking
about like an HP upgrade but you know
take your time we don't since we don't
need to make it the boss rush that's
pretty bad and you know what we tried
since we don't need to make it the boss
rush we're doing fine on time to be
honest with you as well I kind of like
this trinket it's got a little little
charm to it even though it's not overly
offensively useful 30-something percent
chance of a deal with the devil you're
like a thirty five point four percent
chance or something of a deal with the
angel I meant to say so we got lucky we
did get a deal with the angel now that's
a trinket everyone can enjoy curved horn
magician the devil Devils a better card
what are those
[Music]
angelic prizm eclipsed by the moon it's
just a it's a attack flying what happens
if a shot goes through it what happens
if you find yourself living in a shotgun
Shack oh if you can get your own tear to
go through it it turns into many tears
yo that's pretty cool and I think I mean
at first blush it seems relatively easy
to enable that to be honest with you
forget the blood bank not relevant we're
a minute and a half by and schedule we
definitely want to make sure we're
making it to hush with as much certainty
as possible so just start to leave
non-essential stuff behind
thank you gimpy I mean we do have six
locks so I'm thinking gimpy is a fairly
it's gonna be a fairly good friend of
ours as we make our way through this so
anytime that we're able to conceivably
shoots with the prism helping us we're
gonna do so but we shouldn't like
cannibalize the entire run just to make
the prism work but in situations where
it can happen let's make it happen still
looking for a dull razor in a blur don't
really have one of those yet dude I
gotta hand it to him this seems like a
cool item in a booster pack all you know
recognized it I haven't always been the
most open-minded about every item that
I've seen in a booster pack and then you
know that's my own personal mountain to
climb but this one has won me over right
off the bat
maybe a little harder to enable then I
gave it credit for but looking bad when
it works it works she's got another 18
percent chance at a deal with the devil
or a deal with the angel or so
hmm it's kind of tempting to just go but
we have so much money be a shame to just
leave our item room and shop behind
especially because we can especially
when they're close together we can keep
pressing for advantages and we probably
have like 24 minutes total I should say
um like we don't need to be ad boss rush
we can skip that and still make it to
the hush fight pretty easily especially
if we get like literally any form of
mapping just donating because we can and
the donation machine is broken so now we
cannot and will move on one key for two
chests give us some money back oh
absolutely Holy Light is a wonderful
option here we probably should have
saved our bomb and used dull razor
instead like I have this too good to use
syndrome a dull razor but we're not
getting any value out of it except for
occasionally stopping ourselves from
taking damage we're getting a lot of
value out of our bombs because our bombs
allow us to blow up the angel statue and
get the second key piece not that we
need to fight mega Satan but you know
we'd like to ensure the angel statues
show up because we're doing an angel run
apparently there's some new items there
that I've never seen before like this
one instead of room there's not a room
what did I think was a room
it would be cool they gave you like it's
a little overkill but it'd be cool to
give you piercing shots either way it's
still a cool item like I'm not I'm 0%
hating do you think it works with
technology too like I'm skeptical but if
it did that would be cool
like if you shot a laser through it and
it split into five lasers that were all
different colors
why now let's give it a try
if it ruins it it ruins it oh did sick
it works
okay that's really neat all right I'm
glad they thought of this synergy it's a
very logical synergy I mean talking
about a beam of light going through a
prison like it for this not to be
hard-coded I mean I'd start to ask if
the developers had even seen a Rick and
Morty I'm sorry even if you only get it
for a split second it's cool it's cool
so I'm kind of thinking that even though
we have no need to if there's a good
item on boss rush we could probably
afford to do it don't care about
converter or battery here so much
not-not-not worth it we're not doing
anything else with our money we will
probably try to go to the Blue Room but
not good enough I'm not super concerned
about our finances there you know what
we know there's good pills so let's
check that's a good one
[Music]
we use verb immediately to get to nine
luck kind of an intimidating number
spades all right let's get out of here
if we can make it to boss rush we could
pop the devil card do a bunch of damage
I think there's there's worse outcomes
there I think we can make it through it
and still have a chance to do the the
hush fight which is of course what I
really want oh man holy mantle from
little Gish shooting through angelic
prism now that is unexpected you want
the negative forget boss rush get the
second angel statue what do we need
again we need negative path and hush
isn't chocolate-milk technology to like
exceptional I mean The MITRE would be
fine as well may be exceptional is a
strong word but I might have screwed
myself out of out of the hush play it
must be chocolate-milk technology one
that's like 10 out of 10 so this looks
like it might be a little on the tedious
side there's really no one to blame but
myself for that Hey
gimpy I just want you to know like we
have nine Lux oh okay that was not what
I meant to do but thank you when we bump
into an enemy you should have about a
100 90 percent chance to give us a
spirit heart so fact that you didn't pay
out three times in a row made me a
little ornery yeah we probably screwed
our house chances
Lanta but do we really want to do stop
moving please do we really want to do
the hush fight in a situation like this
anyway weird like we're gonna get
screwed by super armor we need it for
the post-it note but hey it's who dares
wins sometimes who dares you know loses
a little bit lose a little bit of HP
unfortunately
I'm offended and impressed it's just you
know I never see it coming you get these
boss rush runs where you go well the run
was good and then I went to boss rush
and the whole run just turned into a
garbage fire like little horns should
not take that long to kill and I can't
even blame super armor for this one as
much as I'd like to like this guy taking
forever to kill is a national
embarrassment surprise we don't get more
of a window of the prism working you
know what you got me you're probably
saying he's gonna die I don't think so
as bad as Gympie has been about spirit
hearts and we got very little to worry
about cuz even like the occasional red
heart adds up and blow this up so we get
better vision well yeah I would say
goodbye to the chance of the hush fight
now what I'm hoping for is that we're
vindicated like posthumously at this
point you see my game plan now
essentially essentially it's a use dull
razor to do any damage at all via our
orbital should have been doing it
earlier we're gonna play that card maybe
I shouldn't be have to be doing it to
begin with what it would add stilted
expression shouldn't to have to be doing
it in the first place
I don't know why all of a sudden it
seems like our highest our highest
damage attack is our anemia creep I'm
guilty okay I got enamored with a good
item a cool new item and I decided to do
something that probably didn't have the
resources to accomplish better men than
myself have fallen victim this similar
Isaac related trap and it's all good you
know what you get a you get a free show
here we get to watch a little bit of
boss rush action for no reason
whatsoever it's a lot of fun we have fun
here you know watching me fight against
Gertie for 25 years goody-goody in the
Jets I am like losing my mind just let
me use my orbital for everything yeah
dude sign me up sign me up for taking a
lot of preventable damage just the
slightly speed up this fight the worst
part about this is that chocolate milk
didn't even make it any better
actually the worst part about it is that
we absolutely did not need to do this in
the first place that's the real problem
is that we're garnering so little
benefit for such great cost
there is a silver lining though like
Ragman dude is getting hard counter
you tell their status affects connected
to these you know by the way that I am
you know I come by and honestly I'm
looking at this and I'm going we could
still make the hush fight there's still
a chance again I do question whether or
not I would even want to fight the hush
I shouldn't frame you like the run is
bad cuz it's not but seems to not handle
bosses very nicely we can afford to be
very aggressive you're either mean any
damage we take is not damaged you should
be rolling your eyes at that's
productive damage to finish the fight
off faster so we have a better chance to
get to the hush legs there's more than
enough HP to go around get crapped on
dude I didn't want that I didn't want
that I didn't want it yet no it's okay
this damage is fine doesn't look fine is
fine kind of like DJ Qualls I don't know
my apologies let me out you know that
song by the Sam Roberts band I'm not
ready to go there might be by the truths
this is the most Canadian music
discussion I've ever had I'm living the
opposite of that I'm living the opposite
of that song the song goes and you're
gonna pick up the words real quick I'm
not ready to go and then the people in
the audience go I'm not ready to go and
then The Trews go I'm not ready to go
well here's my version I'm ready to go
do you pretty much you know solve the
rest of it yourself
all right please easy trip to Easy
Street nah
we're still gonna continue to use our
orbital I was gonna say against my
better judgment but this is my best
judgment the orbital is the right play
it's only the wrong play if you get hit
if you don't get hit
it's the rightest of plays you could
ever imagine
that's the rightest play you know right
is play no we're not gonna okay see it's
good we got three bombs probably we want
to attempt to use those on the next
floor dude I just realized how the heck
are we gonna kill mom's heart fast
enough to make it to the hush fight I
think it's a wonderful question oh my
god it's a dead end all right our dreams
of hush superiority probably died right
there particularly nasty room when
you're not killing enemies too fast but
this one it does come down to me we
should not have taken technology to I
think is what it comes down to here
if it's a little unfortunate but you
know this is you might look at this and
say why would you take technology to in
this situation so wanted to see the
light reflected through the prism you
know Isaac synergies might look like
common sense but most of them are
learned through you know a sincere and
severe degree of trial and error the
ones that work the ones that don't you
know it's some total of many many hours
of gameplay you shot the perfect shot to
hit me I'm a little upset not an Excel
floor I know I've been saying that a lot
lately
at this point I think we just gotta
focus oh that's pretty good too yours
just gotta focus on surviving do the
faster our rate of fire the more time we
probably get with the with the prism
being hit by the tears cuz they're gonna
fire faster you know so if we're focused
on survival and not on speed then what
do we do
well you open these which there are
several behind us but you know hey rome
wasn't built in a day when we get the
Holy Light shots like it all comes
together we also ruined Holy Light more
or less by taking technology excuse me
sir I know I said earlier that that was
like a good synergy it wasn't because we
lost holy life in exchange for
occasionally giving Holy Light to little
Gish which is just actually like who
cares yeah it's kind of cool but is it
like merely is good from a
damage-dealing perspective absolutely
not
so I'm I'm playing lazily right now
that's the cardinal sin you know to do
something lazily in this situation no
we're already 30 minutes into the run
why not just finish it off right I'm
gonna try to from this point on were
it's just about recognizing that bad
habit before it gets too far ahead you
know so what should we do
pick up spirit arts if we think there's
any chance we're gonna die if there's no
chance we're gonna die
don't take the spirit arts coz the
spirit arts are valuable in and of
themselves you know we could take them
down to the next floor instead I like
this is this my reward for recognizing
bad play no it's just quite a lot of
money well we can still I have a pretty
good chance to accomplish something
worthwhile on this run all we got to do
is beat the lam shouldn't be too bad I
do hate scolex we have like a five and a
half percent chance of getting and we
shouldn't have picked that up but we
have like I'm oh my god we definitely
shouldn't have picked it up about five
and a half percent chance of getting a
deal with the angel nothing but we don't
deserve anything there we'll take our HP
we'll go should have had you know way
more HP than we do but my brain is in
like Full Tilt Poker right now if we get
really really lucky get-out-of-jail-free
or possibly like mega mah could allow us
to open the blue womb door but let's be
real we don't want to fight hush what we
want is a d4 like get rid of this run
scrap it for something else there's a
lot of good things to take away from
this run like I'll never oh wow that was
fast I'll never forget angelic prism
after I get it like six or seven more
times and really cemented in the old
memory banks I'll never forget it
let's go but we want to we want to break
free from the mistakes of the past here
to play the crappy games that suck but
and the mistake was technology I'm just
learning you know I want technology to
be so much better than it actually using
technologies fine technology to is the
is the bummer
just try to speed this up we do have a
chance of getting a deal of some sort
here no I was doing all right there stay
still stay still stay still
well we're down to Sheol and this run
I don't wanna blame anybody but myself
but my dude
gimpy you gotta give me a little juice I
walked it no I didn't I managed to hit
the button in time thank God you got to
give us a little juice my dude we got
nine luck and you still hold now with
these gimpy plays like what world am i
living in hematemesis is a is a
get-out-of-jail-free card please the
virus this is this is a throw just hold
it together dude
tears up still worth something thank God
we got mom's key helping us out in the
everything Department more or less you
know what let's take explosive diarrhea
I smell a magic mush
must have been my armpits I want to take
this opportunity to mention that I am a
moron oh my god this is one of the
actual worst mistakes I've ever made in
Isaac technology to still allows you to
shoot it's here oh oh that's a brain
fart and a half this run is actually
fine and I am just an idiot at least I
recognized it before the end people are
still gonna be upset some people at
least bets you know entertaining at the
very least oh my god so what am I
getting at what was the mistake well
I've only been shooting the technology
laser this whole time
turns out we still have one perfectly
functional eyeball that can shoot an
amazing you know Holy Light high-damage
chocolate milk shot in there
moreover we really play our cards right
we could split that shot into five and
many opportunities and oh my god the
damage output is 10 times better oh
that's that's your cue to stop playing
Isaac for the rest of the day but you
know what again at least we recognized
it before the end we probably could have
done hush but who cares
oh there's redemption at the end it's
like you know we're Darth Vader we've
made some mistakes that's probably a
pretty polite way to describe what Darth
Vader did okay I mean you gotta take
relic we have no reason whatsoever to
fight this guy except to increment the
relic counter I don't even know if it
works like that but it's also now I'm
realizing this run is great and I was a
moron so I'm like oh we got the Mulligan
and we have nine luck you know what that
means we're doing everything we actually
have no reason to do mega Satan but
we'll do it anyway I'm sorry wait no no
no we have no reason to do magazine
yeah it's correct but as my penance I'll
do it regardless
yeah and this run is actually like
really good now um so nine luck you know
I'm jonesing for some items here these
six yeah you know what yeah okay that'll
do I don't think I've ever messed up the
value in a run by this much especially
for items that have seen before like I
should know that technology chocolate
milks still allows me to shoot this
technologies of one eyeball thing it's
just me it's actually because of the
fact that the shot is charged that I was
able to be willfully ignorant for so
long not that that's a great excuse in
the end I dodged 100% into that yeah
spider bite is fine if we can shoot
consistently into the prism like the
damage output is outrageous it's harder
than you'd think and the rate of fire
allows it to charge so quickly man
I'm not salty the only thing I'm salty
about is that I said a lot of things
that now seem stupid in hindsight
because they were they were ill-founded
I'd rather take a Boleyn reroll kamikaze
even though none of them are really
amazing and so I basically just it's
like someone having mom's knife but not
knowing that you can charge it to shoot
it and being like I don't want to walk
into the enemy's this run sucks you know
it's just it's ignorant basically like
look at the damage output when we got
that prism working in on our behalf
instead of against us well
I would not like to do a victory lap
please we did get the posted filled but
hush will have to wait for a later day
like TJ from the weekenders stigma haaa
dude nothing wrong with that all right
we should stomp on mega Satan stomp
stomp let it all out these are the
things you can do with that
come on I'm talking come on not the best
mega satan run we've ever had but dude
way better than i was giving it credit
for just the only thing we can do to
mess things up would be to focus too
much on the prism cuz like there's just
times when it doesn't work it is worth
waiting I think a second to make sure
the shot hits though like obviously here
we want to shoot but if we can get the
shot to hit later we could also like
move the shot into it probably look at
that using the power of like you know
movement
yeah exactly we can shoot on a diagonal
well moving in the direction of that
diagonal diagonal that being said I'm
overthinking it cuz like we're good
little risky
I miss my window that's fine you're
probably done and dusted go to phase two
again we don't even need to fight this
guy in fact we don't even accomplish
anything except like something intrinsic
value and having defeated him because
we've already done this as Lazarus
apparently look at dad
it's like took him down a tickin damage
like a phasing damage all by its
lonesome that was lovely great item my
apologies for being a moron oh well we
already have it anyway my apologies for
being a moron we've all logged Pandora's
box a lovely item hopefully that helps
ease the pain a little bit plus my own
recognizance of the fact that I messed
it up but anyway thanks for watching
guys enjoyed evening click the like
buttom such a great deal of course
subscribing on some more in the future
for now as Roger and I will see you next
time